gh-105775: Convert LOAD_CLOSURE to a pseudo-op (#106059)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-06-24-10-34-27.gh-issue-105775.OqjoGV.rst

> Convert :opcode:`LOAD_CLOSURE` to a pseudo-op.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:opcode:`LOAD_CLOSURE` is now a pseudo-op.
```

> Remove the LOAD_CLOSURE opcode and make it a pseudo-op instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make :opcode:`LOAD_CLOSURE` a pseudo-op.
```

Remove the LOAD_CLOSURE opcode and make it a pseudo-op instead. This enables

* Superinstruction formation

> * Removal of checks for uninitialized variables

Reviewer 2: I don't think this PR does enable either of these things. This is because `_PyCfg_OptimizeCodeUnit` is called before `_PyCfg_ConvertPseudoOps`, in `optimize_and_assemble_code_unit`. When we optimize, pseudo instructions are still present.

I think this PR is still a useful incremental step (there's no reason for `LOAD_CLOSURE` to exist as a distinct opcode in actual bytecode or in the eval loop), but actually enabling it to participate in these optimizations will require either a) refactoring how cell/local offsets are handled in the compiler so we don't need to track the distinction between `LOAD_FAST` and `LOAD_CLOSURE` through to `fix_cell_offsets`, and eliminating the `LOAD_CLOSURE` pseudo-op entirely, or b) adding explicit `LOAD_CLOSURE` support to some optimizations.

We could also experiment with trying to remove pseudo-ops before optimizing, but we'd need to audit for any dependence in the optimizer on pseudo-ops, and I think currently there'd also be a problem with `prepare_localsplus` (which calls `fix_cell_offsets`) being called after optimization, and needing `LOAD_CLOSURE`.

Correction: I guess this PR does enable "Removal of checks for uninitialized variables," simply by virtue of unconditionally converting `LOAD_CLOSURE` to `LOAD_FAST` (not `LOAD_FAST_CHECK`.)

Author: Thanks, that makes sense @carljm -- I realize now that I naively copied what was in the original issue, but should have taken into account the different approach + what was happening in `_PyCompile_Assemble`
